From Chris John:

Our VP of Education sends out an e-mail asking everyone for the availability
over the next two months.  Then hammers out a schedule from that information. 
She will try to ensure that every member has the opportunity to give at least
one speech each scheduling period and also ensures that the roles are divvied up
evenly.  She uses an ongoing excel spreadsheet which I believe dates back to
around 2005 or 2006 now but it gives her a historical back up of previous
schedules to work from.  It is up to the Toastmaster & General Evaluator for the
up coming meeting to contact everyone on their teams (TM contacts speakers
humorist, Table Topics, and inspiration & The GE contacts Ah Counter,
Grammarian, timer and evaluators) to ensure everyone scheduled is still planning
to make it and then they make the necessary changes and substitutions necessary
to make it all flow.  The schedule can become fluid at times because of last
minute changes in people's schedule, but that is when the individual meeting
Toastmaster takes the ball and ensure everything comes out smoothly.  In the end
it works pretty well, I don't know if we ever received a complaint about our
method.

From Paul Ryberg:

For retrospection, we have an incredibly excellent secretary who keeps a log of
every meeting.  This includes who is a member.  The vice president, education
keeps track of who is working towards what goals, and schedules things
accordingly.  This, of course, is much easier in a club that has twenty plus
members.  

Prospectively, we have a spreadsheet of assignments - I'll see if I can attach a
copy - and for the meetings themselves, we use the Toastmaster website.  Go here
- no, don't go here, I can't find the link.  Anyway, Toastmasters has a website
that can be used as a scheduler.  
